docs(mm2): updates to mm2 config content and structure to improve usability and clarity (#11695)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: documentation/modules/configuring/con-config-mirrormaker2-tasks-max.adoc

// assembly-config.adoc

[id='con-mirrormaker-tasks-max-{context}']
= Setting a maximum number of data replication tasks

[role="_abstract"]
Use `tasksMax` to control how many tasks are assigned to connectors. 
Increasing the number of tasks helps improve performance when replicating many partitions or synchronizing the offsets of a large number of consumer groups.

MirrorMaker 2 connectors create distributed tasks that move data between clusters. 

Task behavior:

* Each task runs on a single worker pod.
* Tasks run in parallel.
* A worker pod can run multiple tasks, but each task runs in isolation.
* You don’t need more pods than tasks. If there are fewer pods, tasks are distributed across available workers.

Task allocation rules:

* By default, connectors run with 1 task, unless `tasksMax` is set.

> * The heartbeat connector always uses 1 task.
> * For the source connector, the maximum possible tasks = number of partitions.
> * For the checkpoint connector, the maximum possible tasks = number of consumer groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The `MirrorHeartbeatConnector` always uses 1 task.
* For the `MirrorSourceConnector`, the maximum possible tasks = number of partitions.
* For the `MirrorCheckpointConnector` the maximum possible tasks = number of consumer groups.
```

* The number of tasks
* Replication latency
* Offset synchronization latency

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
